VPC support for GCP hosted deployments (#962)
Worklytics/psoxy: docs/gcp/getting-started.md

  - [Pub/Sub API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/pubsub.googleapis.com) (`pubsub.googleapis.com`)
  - [Secret Manager API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/secretmanager.googleapis.com) (`secretmanager.googleapis.com`)
  - [Storage API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library/storage-api.googleapis.com) (`storage-api.googleapis.com`)

>   - [VPC Accesss API](https://console.cloud.google/com/apis/library/vpcaccess.googleapis.com) (`vpcaccess.googleapis.com`), if relying on our provisioning a Serverless VPC Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [VPC Accesss API](https://console.cloud.google/com/apis/library/vpcaccess.googleapis.com) (`vpcaccess.googleapis.com`), if relying on our provisioning of a Serverless VPC Connector
```

- the 'Service Account' approach described in the prerequisites is preferable to giving a Google user account IAM roles to administer your infrastructure directly. You can pass this Service Account's email address to Terraform by setting the `gcp_terraform_sa_account_email`. Your machine/environments CLI must be authenticated as GCP entity which can impersonate this Service Account, and likely create tokens as it (`Service Account Token Creator` role).
- using a _dedicated_ GCP project is superior to using a shared project, as it provides an implicit security boundary around your infrastructure as well as simplifying monitoring/cleanup. The IAM roles specified in the prerequisites must be granted at the project level, so any non-Proxy infrastructure within the GCP project that hosts your proxy instances will be accessible to the user / service account who's managing the proxy infrastructure.

## VPC **alpha**

> As of v0.5.6, GCP-hosted proxy instances are [Cloud Run Functions](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/functions/comparison). This serverless architecture amounts to code being executed by GCP within a sandbox environment, withs low-level networking fully-managed by Google, for better or worse.  This means that we don't support VPC-networking-level controls for ingress to the cloud functions; such connectivity/routing is managed by Google and secured by GCP IAM.  However, Cloud Run Functions do support routing all outbound traffic through a [serverless VPC connector](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/serverless-vpc-access), which provides some opportunity for limited egress connectivity and/or allowing proxy instances to connect to data sources that are otherwise on a private VPC that is not externally accessible (eg, a self-hosted JIRA instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of v0.5.6, GCP-hosted proxy instances are [Cloud Run Functions](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/functions/comparison). This serverless architecture amounts to code being executed by GCP within a sandbox environment, with low-level networking fully-managed by Google.  This means that we don't support VPC-networking-level controls for ingress to the cloud functions; such connectivity/routing is managed by Google and secured by GCP IAM.  However, Cloud Run Functions do support routing all outbound traffic through a [serverless VPC connector](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/serverless-vpc-access), which provides some opportunity for limited egress connectivity and/or allowing proxy instances to connect to data sources that are otherwise on a private VPC that is not externally accessible (eg, a self-hosted JIRA instance).
```
